strength_suffix.0=of Weightlifting
strength_suffix.1=of Power
strength_suffix.2=of Biceps
strength_suffix.3=of Extra Damage
strength_suffix.4=of Strength
agility_suffix.0=of Agility
agility_suffix.1=of Speed
agility_suffix.2=of Quickness
agility_suffix.3=of Running Long Distances
agility_suffix.4=of Quake Pro
dexterity_suffix.0=of Dexterity
dexterity_suffix.1=of Luck
dexterity_suffix.2=of Critical Attacks
dexterity_suffix.3=of Long Range
dexterity_suffix.4=of Sniping
intelligence_suffix.0=of Intelligence
intelligence_suffix.1=of Magic
intelligence_suffix.2=of Wizardry
intelligence_suffix.3=of School
wisdom_suffix.0=of Wisdom
wisdom_suffix.1=of the Wise Man
wisdom_suffix.2=of Spells
wisdom_suffix.3=of Mana
wisdom_suffix.4=of the Mage
fortitude_suffix.0=of Fortitude
fortitude_suffix.1=of Health
fortitude_suffix.2=of Vigor
fortitude_suffix.3=of Healing
fortitude_suffix.4=of Nature
all_stats_suffix.0=of Pure Greatness
all_stats_suffix.1=of Everything
all_stats_suffix.2=of LITERALLY Everything
all_stats_suffix.3=of The Founders
all_stats_suffix.4=of Legendary Proportions
gold_suffix.0=of Fortune
gold_suffix.1=of Gold
durable_suffix.0=of the Future
durable_suffix.1=of Extra Durability
durable_suffix.2=of the Unending
lifesteal_suffix.0=of Absorbtion
lifesteal_suffix.1=of Stealing
manasteal_suffix.0=of Absorbtion
manasteal_suffix.1=of Stealing
min_damage_suffix.0=of Bonuses
min_damage_suffix.1=of Damage
max_damage_suffix.0=of Bonuses
max_damage_suffix.1=of Damage
chained_suffix.0=of Chain Reactions
chained_suffix.1=of Targeting
void_suffix.0=of Killing
void_suffix.1=of Death
void_suffix.2=of Instant Gratification
fire_suffix.0=of Flames
fire_suffix.1=of Blazing Glory
fire_suffix.2=of Burning Passion
fire_suffix.3=of Hell
fire_suffix.4=of the Nether
frost_suffix.0=of Freezing
frost_suffix.1=of Frozen Ponds
frost_suffix.2=of Frostbite
lightning_suffix.0=of Thunderstorms
lightning_suffix.1=of Severe Weather
lightning_suffix.2=of Alarms
lightning_suffix.3=of Shock
lightning_suffix.4=of Tasering
poison_suffix.0=of Bad Food
poison_suffix.1=of Disease
poison_suffix.2=of Mold
fireresist_suffix.0=of Flames
fireresist_suffix.1=of Blazing Glory
fireresist_suffix.2=of Burning Passion
fireresist_suffix.3=of Hell
fireresist_suffix.4=of the Nether
frostresist_suffix.0=of Freezing
frostresist_suffix.1=of Frozen Ponds
frostresist_suffix.2=of Frostbite
lightningresist_suffix.0=of Thunderstorms
lightningresist_suffix.1=of Severe Weather
lightningresist_suffix.2=of Alarms
lightningresist_suffix.3=of Shock
lightningresist_suffix.4=of Tasering
poisonresist_suffix.0=of Bad Food
poisonresist_suffix.1=of Disease
poisonresist_suffix.2=of Mold